Let's talk about the benefits of function-as-a-service.
Simplicity, that's one of the best benefits of function-as-a-service.
You really have a function and you deploy it,
and that's it, it's a great really intuitive model.
Another thing is that, it's event-based,
so you don't have to have something running all the time, servers to manage.
In fact, there's a slogan that AWS mentions called,
"No server is better than a server," or loosely paraphrased.
This is because things are event-based,
so you can have all this logic
sitting in the Cloud but it doesn't run until you need it to run.
It also can be much more cost-effective.
So if you think about it,
when you don't use something,
like you have an automatic light timer or you have a temperature thermostat,
it's the same type of a concept.
You don't always have to have something running.
It only runs when it's necessary or it's the right conditions,
just like your thermostat.
So, really, leveraging these cloud-native technologies,
it really benefits you because you can combine all these things
together and actually create
a more sophisticated yet simple application that's event-based,
is more cost-effective, and, ultimately, more powerful.